.TH PROCESS_MANAGER 1 "April 2024" "Version 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
procmanager \- command-line system process monitoring and management utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B procmanager
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B procmanager
provides a menu-driven command-line interface for monitoring and managing system processes on Linux systems.
.SH MENU OPTIONS
.TP
.B 1. List all processes
Displays a table with PID, user, name, state description, and state of all processes.
.TP
.B 2. List processes grouped by user
Shows processes organized by user accounts, with detailed information for each process.
.TP
.B 3. Show all process IDs
Lists all active process IDs in a readable format.
.TP
.B 4. Run a new process
Prompts for a command to execute as a new process.
.TP
.B 5. Stop/signal a process
Allows sending common signals (SIGTERM, SIGKILL, SIGSTOP, SIGCONT) to a process.
.TP
.B 6. Send custom signal to a process
Enables sending any signal by its number to a specific process.
.TP
.B 0. Exit
Terminates the application.
.SH PROCESS STATES
Process states shown in the output:
.TP
.B R
Running or runnable (on run queue)
.TP
.B S
Interruptible sleep (waiting for an event)
.TP
.B D
Uninterruptible sleep (usually IO)
.TP
.B Z
Defunct or "zombie" process
.TP
.B T
Stopped, either by a job control signal or because it's being traced
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /proc/*
The application reads process information from the proc filesystem.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To start the command-line version:
.PP
.B procmanager
.SH NOTES
Some operations may require root privileges, especially when managing processes owned by other users.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Adham Zineldin <Mohalya3@gmail.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR procmanager-gui (1),
.BR ps (1),
.BR top (1),
.BR kill (1) 