.TH PROCESS_MANAGER_CLI 1 "April 2025" "Version 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
process_manager_cli \- command-line system process monitoring and management utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B process_manager_cli
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B process_manager_cli
provides a menu-driven command-line interface for monitoring and managing system processes.
.SH MENU OPTIONS
.TP
.B 1. List all processes
Displays a table with PID, user, name, description, and state of all processes.
.TP
.B 2. List processes grouped by user
Shows processes organized by user accounts.
.TP
.B 3. Show all process IDs
Lists all active process IDs.
.TP
.B 4. Run a new process
Prompts for a command to execute.
.TP
.B 5. Stop/signal a process
Allows sending common signals (SIGTERM, SIGKILL, SIGSTOP, SIGCONT) to a process.
.TP
.B 6. Send custom signal to a process
Enables sending any signal by its number to a specific process.
.TP
.B 0. Exit
Terminates the application.
.SH PROCESS STATES
Process states shown in the output:
.TP
.B R
Running or runnable (on run queue)
.TP
.B S
Interruptible sleep (waiting for an event)
.TP
.B D
Uninterruptible sleep (usually IO)
.TP
.B Z
Defunct or "zombie" process
.TP
.B T
Stopped, either by a job control signal or because it's being traced
.SH FILES
The application reads process information from the \fI/proc\fR filesystem.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To start the command-line version:
.PP
.B process_manager_cli
.SH NOTES
Some operations may require root privileges, especially when managing processes owned by other users.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Your Name <your.email@example.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR process_manager_gui (1),
.BR ps (1),
.BR top (1),
.BR kill (1)