.TH PROCESS_MANAGER_GUI 1 "April 2024" "Version 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
procmanager-gui \- graphical system process monitoring and management utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B procmanager-gui
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B procmanager-gui
provides a GTK-based graphical interface for monitoring and managing system processes on Linux systems.
.SH FEATURES
.TP
.B List All Processes
Displays a list of all running processes with their PID, user, name, state description, and state.
.TP
.B Group By User
Groups processes by their owners and displays them in organized sections.
.TP
.B Show All PIDs
Lists all process IDs currently active in the system.
.TP
.B Run Process
Allows executing a new command or application through an input field.
.TP
.B Send Signal
Enables sending signals to processes by specifying a PID and selecting a signal type from a dropdown menu.
.SH INTERFACE
The interface consists of:
.TP
.B Button Panel
Contains action buttons for listing processes, grouping by user, and showing PIDs.
.TP
.B Text View
Displays the results of operations in a scrollable window.
.TP
.B Run Process Panel
Contains an input field for entering commands and a Run button.
.TP
.B Send Signal Panel
Contains a PID input field, a signal selection dropdown, and a Send button.
.SH PROCESS STATES
Process states shown in the output:
.TP
.B R
Running or runnable (on run queue)
.TP
.B S
Interruptible sleep (waiting for an event)
.TP
.B D
Uninterruptible sleep (usually IO)
.TP
.B Z
Defunct or "zombie" process
.TP
.B T
Stopped, either by a job control signal or because it's being traced
.SH SIGNALS
Available signals that can be sent to processes:
.TP
.B SIGTERM (15)
Termination request, allowing cleanup operations.
.TP
.B SIGKILL (9)
Immediate termination without cleanup.
.TP
.B SIGSTOP (19)
Suspend execution until a SIGCONT is sent.
.TP
.B SIGCONT (18)
Resume a previously stopped process.
.TP
.B SIGHUP (1)
Hangup, often used to reload configurations.
.TP
.B SIGUSR1 (10)
User-defined signal 1.
.TP
.B SIGUSR2 (12)
User-defined signal 2.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /proc/*
The application reads process information from the proc filesystem.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To start the GUI version:
.PP
.B procmanager-gui
.SH NOTES
Some operations may require root privileges, especially when managing processes owned by other users.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Adham Zineldin <Mohalya3@gmail.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR procmanager (1),
.BR ps (1),
.BR top (1),
.BR kill (1) 